 Hey, Marla, nice to meet you. Yeah, nice to meet you. I'm here today. I'm pretty good. I'm here, you know, interested in your company. I hear that, you know, META is working on some amazing new wearable devices, and I'm really excited that come from, you know, marketing background, and, you know, we'd love to know more. So, what are some of the interesting things that are happening over your company? So, we're trying to build, like, really cool technology with wearables, like, China Integrated, different multi-modal, like, video, speech, and text, and two more insightful insights with our MAMA models. So, what interests you, META, like, we're trying to hire machine learning engineers that are more, that can bridge this kind of gap, and then work on these really exciting stuff. Yeah. I'm really interested in wearables for, you know, mass market adoption. So, familiar devices, like glasses, watches. I have worked in VR in the past, but I'm also, you know, really excited about, you know, everyday, like, smart home things as well, displays, you know, in LLMs and how they integrate with that. But, you know, maybe there's somebody that you'd recommend that I talk to that's maybe on the more of the good market side. I can forward this question to my colleagues. I think that's a great question. So, what, like, what do you think your skills have, so how do they align to what we're looking for? Yeah, definitely. I think that, like, commercialization is really important for a lot of new form factors, you know, familiar form factors that have new capabilities. So, you know, really looking to, you know, find where the most value is for the most, you know, at a good price point, I think, is where, you know, I'm excited to, you know, contribute. But, yeah, if you could connect me with your colleague to talk more about the marketing side, that would be awesome. I really appreciate that. Awesome. Yeah. Cool. Thank you. We'll do, yeah. Thank you. So, yeah. So, in that case, if I had, like, a summary or something, I'd be like, okay, like, this is what they're looking for. This is, they said that we would talk about that they were introducing. So, it stays automatically. Yeah.